The user you dialed is temporarily unavailable
Or turned off
If you want to leave a message, please press one.
Why is it still turned off?
Is Manager Wang busy?
Shuangshuang is your girl, right?
Sister Cher, you are too amazing
Come and sit down, our relatives will know to collect it.
You didn't come to my wedding reception last time
You missed me so much!
It's all my dad's fault
Obviously his liquor store
He ran away and told me to go to the top
Hey, I've seen a fool
So it's the first time I've seen my daughter
Be careful your dad listens and spanks you
Hmph, I'm not afraid
Ok, both.
What are you here for today?
You stinky girl
Everything goes to the Three Treasures Hall
Sister Cher, you wronged me
Well, is there anything wrong with your company?
No.
It's not the company's business for me to find you
It's a personal thing. It's a personal thing.
Then tell my sister
What exactly is it?
Sister must do her best to help you
That's great, Sister Cher
Well, you can lend me your husband.